Just-in-time (JIT) compilation is indeed a technique that can significantly 
improve the performance of dynamically typed languages by translating the 
source code into machine code at runtime, allowing for better optimization 
and reduced overhead. However, there are several reasons why not all 
dynamically typed languages choose to use JIT compilation:

1. **Complexity**: JIT compilation introduces an additional layer of 
complexity to the language implementation. Building a robust and efficient 
JIT compiler requires a deep understanding of both the language's semantics 
and the target architecture's intricacies. Developing and maintaining a JIT 
compiler can be resource-intensive and may slow down language development.

2. **Memory Overhead**: JIT compilation often involves generating and 
storing machine code in memory. This can lead to increased memory usage, 
which might be a concern for resource-constrained environments or 
applications.

3. **Cold Start Overhead**: JIT compilation introduces a "cold start" 
overhead, meaning that the first time a piece of code is executed, 
there is a delay while the JIT compiler translates it into machine code. 
This can negatively impact applications that require quick startup times, 
such as short-lived scripts or command-line tools.

4. **Interoperability**: Some dynamically typed languages are designed to 
easily interoperate with other languages or runtimes, and using a JIT 
compiler might complicate this interaction. For example, languages that 
rely on Foreign Function Interfaces (FFIs) to call code written in other 
languages may need to bridge the gap between the compiled machine code and 
the calling conventions of those languages.

5. **Portability**: Some dynamically typed languages prioritize portability 
across different platforms and architectures. Developing and maintaining a 
JIT compiler that works well on various platforms can be challenging, and 
some languages might opt for simpler interpreters to achieve broader 
compatibility.

6. **Debugging and Profiling**: JIT-compiled code can be harder to debug and
profile compared to interpreted code. Traditional debugging techniques, like inspecting the source code and setting breakpoints, can be less effective when dealing with machine code generated by a JIT compiler.

7. **Security Concerns**: JIT compilation can introduce security concerns, 
particularly in environments where untrusted code is executed. A JIT 
compiler might inadvertently generate malicious code, or attackers could 
exploit vulnerabilities in the JIT compiler itself.

8. **Alternative Optimization Techniques**: Some dynamically typed 
languages opt for other optimization techniques, such as dynamic adaptive 
optimization (where the interpreter gradually compiles frequently executed 
code paths) or using specialized data structures and algorithms to mitigate 
the performance overhead associated with dynamic typing.

In conclusion, while JIT compilation can offer substantial performance 
benefits for dynamically typed languages, there are trade-offs in terms of 
complexity, memory usage, startup times, and interoperability that might 
lead language designers to choose alternative approaches or a combination 
of techniques to achieve a balance between performance and other design 
goals.  